# Ticket-Finder

Demo Here: https://vimeo.com/897480611/57e33ffba5?share=copy

Ticket Finder (Events_Shiny_App.R) uses data from the SeatGeek (Sg) and Ticketmaster (Tm) APIs, to allow users to obtain about Concert tickets available near them, and compare prices, locations, venues. Using user authentication via API keys that we generated, we are able to make "get" requests to obtain data about events that in the databases for both sites. We took these large datasets and found the information that we used through unnesting/filtering in our tidy-api data branch. We worked on the two API cleanings in separate Rmd files, and created dataframes that contained the same information the user would need (url links to purchase tickets, dates, times, prices, venues, etc. Once we had our tidy data, we began creating a shiny pplication that would have 6 tabs: one to discover Tm events, one to discover Sg events, plots/analyses for each, a comparison tab, and an interactive map of all concert venues in the area. The Tm and Sg tabs are searchable tables of events that can be filtered by each column and are clickable to puchase tickets. One the next plots tabs we analyze summary statistics from each of the sites to look into which one has the best options, and compare the results. On the Map tab, we showcase all of the concert venues in the area on an interactive map, and tell the user which ones are lesser and more well known. We filtered the large data from both of these sites to only contain concert information in DC as an example of how it would be used in our current location. With a simple switch of a request to Sports or a different state, the program would still generate up to date data corresponding to those categories. All of the necessary libraries are loaded in at the top of the Shiny App file, but some may require installation if they are not already loaded into your system including leaflet, which creates maps, and tidygeocoder, which creates latitude and longitude coordiantes needed for the map based on address and location information. We hope you find the best tickets with TicketFinder! 

Gracie Abrahams, Zachary Sutton, Josephus Nyumalin
